Add first working for gcp (#142)
ml6team/fondant: deployments/README.md

# 

> In order to run fondant properly we'll need a couple of things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fondant is built on top of Kubeflow Pipelines, so to run it we'll need:
```

IMPORTANT 2: Spinning up a cluster on a cloud vendor will incur a cost.
IMPORTANT 3: You should never run a script without inspecting it so please familiarize  yourself with the commands defined in the Makefiles and adapt it to your own needs.

## If you already have a kubernetes cluster

If you already have setup a kubernetes cluster and you have configured kubectl you can install kubeflow pipelines following this [guide](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/pipelines/v1/installation/standalone-deployment/#deploying-kubeflow-pipelines)

## Fondant on GCP

1. If you don't already have a google cloud project ready you can follow this [guide](https://v1-5-branch.kubeflow.org/docs/distributions/gke/deploy/project-setup/) to set one up, you will need to have set up billing.

2. Make sure you have the [gcloud cli](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) installed (and it is the latest version) and that you have it configured to use your project by using `gcloud init`.

3. Setup [Default compute Region and Zone](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gcloud-compute#default-region-zone)

> 3. Install [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) 

Reviewer: Could we include this in the Makefile as well?

Author: checking if it is installed ? or installing it (or both) ?

The installation is OS and CPU architecture specific so it might be difficult to automate
